# 42. Sports Inheritance
<details>
<summary><b>Description:</b></summary>

Create two classes: _`Cricket`_ and _`Football`_. Both classes should implement the interface _`Sport`_.

  1. Class _`Cricket`_ should have the variable _`int[ ] playerIDs`._ The 1-based index of a player is the player's ID. It should have the following methods:

-   _`Cricket()`_: Initialize the empty array _`playerIDs`_ to store 11 integer values. Assign the value _`1`_ to each element in _`playerIDs`._ Print "_`A new cricket team has been formed`_".
-   _`void calculateAvgAge(int[] age)`_: _`age`_ contains the age of every player. Print the average age of the team with two digits after the decimal in the form `"_The average age of the team is {avgAge}_"`.
-   _`void retirePlayer(int id)`_: Assign -1 to _`playerIds[id]`._  Print "_`Player with id: {id} has retired`_". If the player has already retired, print "_`Player has already retired`_".

2. Class _`Football`_ should have the variable _`int[] playerIDs`._ The 1-based index of a player is the player's ID. It should have the following methods:

-   _`Football( )`_: Initialize the empty array _`playerIDs`_ to store 11 integer values. Assign the value _`1`_ to each element in _`playerIDs`._  Print "_`A new football team has been formed`_".
-   _`void calculateAvgAge(int[] age)`_: _`age`_ contains the age of every player. Print the average age of the team with two digits after the decimal in the form "_`The average age of the team is {avgAge}`_".
-   _void retirePlayer(int id)_: Assign -1 to _`playerIDs[id]`._  Print "_`Player with id: {id} has retired`_". If the player has already retired, print "_`Player has already retired`_".
-   _`void playerTransfer(int fee, int id)`:_ If the player is still on the team, _`playerIDs[id] = 1`_, print "_`Player with id: {id} has been transferred with a fee of {fee}_`". If the player has already retired, print "_`Player has already retired`_".

The locked code stub provides the interface _`Sport`_ and also validates the implementation of the _`Cricket`_ and _`Football`_ classes. Please use inheritance and encapsulation to minimize code repetition.

**Constraints**:
```java
20 ≤ age ≤ 40
```

**Input Format For Custom Testing**:

The first line contains 11 space-separated integers, the ages of the players on the cricket team.

The next line contains 11 space-separated integers, the ages of the players on the football team.

The next 5 lines each contain an integer, the id of a player to retire.

The last line contains two space-separated integers, the transfer fee and ID of a player.

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Sample Case 0:</b></summary>

**Sample Input For Custom Testing**:
```
26 32 36 33 24 31 30 35 36 21 28
32 21 27 35 24 36 31 25 23 30 22
11
7
6
1
1
659 5
```

**Sample Output**:

A new cricket team has been formed
A new football team has been formed
The average age of the team is 30.18
The average age of the team is 27.82
Player with id: 11 has retired
Player with id: 7 has retired
Player with id: 6 has retired
Player with id: 1 has retired
Player has already retired
Player with id: 5 has been transferred with a fee of 659

</details>

# Starter Code:
```java
import java.util.*;

interface Sport{
    void calculateAvgAge(int[] age);
    void retirePlayer(int id); 
}

  
    /*
     *  Write the implementation of the Cricket and Football classes
     */

  
public class Solution{

    public static void main(String[] args){

        Scanner sc = new Scanner(System.in);

        Cricket c = new Cricket();
        Football f = new Football();

        int[] age1 = new int[11];
        int[] age2 = new int[11];

        for(int i = 0; i < 2; i++)

        {

        String[] age = sc.nextLine().split(" ");

        if(i == 0){
            int j = 0;

            for(String s : age) {
                age1[j++] = Integer.parseInt(s);
            } else {
                int j = 0;

                for(String s : age)
                    age2[j++] = Integer.parseInt(s);  
            }
        }

        c.calculateAvgAge(age1);
        f.calculateAvgAge(age2);

        for(int i = 0; i < 6; i++) {
            if(i < 3){
                int x = Integer.parseInt(sc.nextLine());
                c.retirePlayer(x);
            } else if (i < 5) {
                int x = Integer.parseInt(sc.nextLine());
                f.retirePlayer(x);  
            } else {
                String[] temp = sc.nextLine().split(" ");  
                f.playerTransfer(Integer.parseInt(temp[0]), Integer.parseInt(temp[1]));
            } 
        }  
    }
}  

```

# Solution
```java

```